everybody we're here we are going to
take in a challenge and I've kind of I
called in my buddy Evan to do it with me
so we I wrestled recently put a
presentation together and was challenged
that I didn't use the right coatings
applicator so here's the challenge that
I put back out first off let me qualify
this couple things if you're doing
coatings fall the in the instructions of
the manufacturer to the point don't vary
from the manufacturer's instructions at
all as you go from being a pro to an
artist well we break the rules every
once in a while and today we're gonna
we're going to break the rules so what
we did is the applicator they said I use
the wrong applicator so we've got a gem
sock and we're going to take and put a
coating on it's it's it's a dirty gym
sock it's a used gym sock for my son
it's a clean it's been washed it's been
it's all the soils gone off of it but
I'm gonna just here to prove a point
that if you know what you're doing you
can take and put a coating down with a
gym sock now this is a very high-end
coating I'm not going to name the name
because just out of fairness they had
nothing to be involved with this so I'm
gonna put a little product on and
everyone's gonna take and he's gonna
take and either confirm that he wants to
do it or he's going to say you're nuts
and I'm not getting involved in this and
we're gonna have to edit the video but I
wanted to put the challenge that if
you're a true Pro that you can take and
install a coating with a gym sock and it
will turn out now this is an Audi it's
one of my buddies and if anybody wants
to come in here Evan what are you seeing
okay so I'm gonna go I'm gonna take and
go over to this body line and then I'm
gonna have you take over from you want
to put a little more on yours you think
you're good okay and so what we're gonna
do is come in here and if anybody wants
to see this we'll do a follow-up video
and show you the end results well we
just wanted to prove our point that if
you know what you're doing the product
doesn't make the detailer the detailer
makes the product if you're an artist if
you're above the pro level and I think
after working with Evan he's definitely
above that pro level so I'm gonna
right up that channel and catch that so
if you'll catch that up on top there we
go
how's she doing Emma
so again no I'm not lying it's a it's a
gym sock and we just applied a coating
with this so for you naysayers you can
come on up to California anytime and
inspect this Audi and we'll show you
that doing it with the approved one
versus if you know what you're doing
you've got good hands good eyes you're
coordinated and that's it
and so hey we challenge you it's your
gonna learn the rules like a pro so you
can break them like a or there you go
hey guys have a good one